New web platform release notes for 152 (#3889)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/web-platform/site-impacting-changes.md

| Deprecation of XSLT | Future release (TBD) | XSLT support represents a disproportionate attack surface, and the Chromium project which Microsoft Edge is based on has announced plans to disable and ultimately remove XSLT in a future release. See [Removing XSLT for a more secure browser](https://developer.chrome.com/docs/web-platform/deprecating-xslt). As a result, you should treat reliance on client‑side XSLT as technical debt and plan migration accordingly. Microsoft Edge version 147 introduces the XSLTEnabled feature policy to support testing and transition scenarios while the Chromium project works toward deprecating and removing XSLT support. We encourage organizations to proactively test setting `XSLTEnabled = Disabled` to identify application dependencies and remediation requirements ahead of any future default changes or removal of the feature. |

> | Deprecate unload event | v153-v155 | Introduces a new Permission-Policy to allow creating unload event listeners.  The default policy is `allow`, but the default policy will gradually be migrated to `deny`, such that unload handlers stop firing on pages, unless a page explicitly opts in to re-enable them.  This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  <br/>Edge 153: Unload handlers will stop firing by default for 60% of page loads, unless the site explicitly enables unload handlers via Permissions Policy.  <br/>Edge 154: Increases to 80% of page loads.  <br/>Edge 155: Increases to 100% of page loads.  <br/>See [Planned deprecation of the unload event]() in _Microsoft Edge 152 web platform release notes (Aug. 2026)_, and [Intent to Deprecate: Deprecate unload event](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/dvusqw9-IhI/m/SBkm_u1RAQAJ). |

Author: ```suggestion
| Deprecate unload event | v153-v155 | Introduces the new `unload` Permission-Policy to allow creating unload event listeners.  The default policy is `allow`, but the default policy will gradually be migrated to `deny`, such that unload handlers stop firing on pages, unless a page explicitly opts in to re-enable them.  This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  <br/>Edge 153: Unload handlers will stop firing by default for 60% of page loads, unless the site explicitly enables unload handlers via the `unload` Permission-Policy.  <br/>Edge 154: Increases to 80% of page loads.  <br/>Edge 155: Increases to 100% of page loads.  <br/>See [Planned deprecation of the unload event]() in _Microsoft Edge 152 web platform release notes (Aug. 2026)_, and [Intent to Deprecate: Deprecate unload event](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/dvusqw9-IhI/m/SBkm_u1RAQAJ). |
```

Reviewer: requires link at ()

Reviewer: x-sync'd 152 relnote & table row.  both now have text:
```
Edge 153 will introduce the new `unload` Permission-Policy, to allow creating unload event 
listeners.  The default value is initially `allow`, but between Edge 153 and Edge 155, the 
default value will gradually be migrated to `deny`, such that unload handlers stop firing on 
pages, unless a page explicitly opts in to re-enable them.  To explicitly enable unload event 
handlers, use the `allow` value.

* Edge 153: Unload handlers will stop firing by default for 60% of page loads, unless the site 
explicitly enables unload handlers via the `unload` Permissions Policy.
* Edge 154: Increases to 80% of page loads.
* Edge 155: Increases to 100% of page loads.

This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.
```
@captainbrosset

> | Deprecate unload event | v153-v155 | Edge 153 will introduce the new `unload` Permission-Policy, to allow creating unload event listeners.  The default value is initially `allow`, but between Edge 153 and Edge 155, the default value will gradually be migrated to `deny`, such that unload handlers stop firing on pages, unless a page explicitly opts in to re-enable them.  To explicitly enable unload event handlers, use the `allow` value.  <br/>Edge 153: Unload handlers will stop firing by default for 60% of page loads, unless the site explicitly enables unload handlers via the `unload` Permissions Policy.  <br/>Edge 154: Increases to 80% of page loads.  <br/>Edge 155: Increases to 100% of page loads.  <br/>This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  See [Planned deprecation of the unload event](./release-notes/152.md#planned-deprecation-of-the-unload-event) in _Microsoft Edge 152 web platform release notes (Aug. 2026)_, and [Intent to Deprecate: Deprecate unload event](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/dvusqw9-IhI/m/SBkm_u1RAQAJ). |

Reviewer 2: 152 and 153 will be both at 60%, 154 at 80%, 155 at 100%. Please replace 153 with 152.

Reviewer: in vscode now both spots/files have "152 and 153" 
but i agree w/ above comment: just say 152, "and 153" is nonstandard/confusing/ not needed
@leotlee

> | Deprecate unload event | v153-v155 | Edge 153 will introduce the new `unload` Permission-Policy, to allow creating unload event listeners.  The default value is initially `allow`, but between Edge 153 and Edge 155, the default value will gradually be migrated to `deny`, such that unload handlers stop firing on pages, unless a page explicitly opts in to re-enable them.  To explicitly enable unload event handlers, use the `allow` value.  <br/>Edge 153: Unload handlers will stop firing by default for 60% of page loads, unless the site explicitly enables unload handlers via the `unload` Permissions Policy.  <br/>Edge 154: Increases to 80% of page loads.  <br/>Edge 155: Increases to 100% of page loads.  <br/>This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  See [Planned deprecation of the unload event](./release-notes/152.md#planned-deprecation-of-the-unload-event) in _Microsoft Edge 152 web platform release notes (Aug. 2026)_, and [Intent to Deprecate: Deprecate unload event](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/dvusqw9-IhI/m/SBkm_u1RAQAJ). |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| Deprecate unload event | v152-v155 | Edge 152 will introduce the new `unload` Permission-Policy, to allow creating unload event listeners.  The default value is initially `allow`, but between Edge 152 and Edge 155, the default value will gradually be migrated to `deny`, such that unload handlers stop firing on pages, unless a page explicitly opts in to re-enable them.  To explicitly enable unload event handlers, use the `allow` value.  <br/>Edge 152: Unload handlers will stop firing by default for 60% of page loads, unless the site explicitly enables unload handlers via the `unload` Permissions Policy.  <br/>Edge 154: Increases to 80% of page loads.  <br/>Edge 155: Increases to 100% of page loads.  <br/>This change is happening in the Chromium project, on which Microsoft Edge is based.  See [Planned deprecation of the unload event](./release-notes/152.md#planned-deprecation-of-the-unload-event) in _Microsoft Edge 152 web platform release notes (Aug. 2026)_, and [Intent to Deprecate: Deprecate unload event](https://groups.google.com/a/chromium.org/g/blink-dev/c/dvusqw9-IhI/m/SBkm_u1RAQAJ). |
```

Reviewer: using the 152.md [comment](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/3889/changes#r3730512804), which has: 

Edge **152 and 153**: Unload handlers will stop firing by default for 60%

@leotlee

Reviewer: via the `unload` Permission-Policy

& in 152.md
